Your final project assignment is to generate .NET CIL for selected features of TCCL -- and execute the programs you generate using by using ILasm to assemble the CIL into an executable file.  (I will supply a tool that will allow you to assemble and execute your CIL file directly from you compiler.)  Your first step should be to add a CodeGen  visitor that generates CIL code. This visitor will be executed right after your Semantics visitor completes.

Notes about the CodeGen visitor:

The VisitNode method for CompilationUnit must generate the prelude code for the program before calling VisitChildren.
The VisitNode method for a MethodDeclaration must generate prelude code for the method before calling VisitChildren.  Afterward, it must generate the final two lines, a 'ret' instuction and a right bracket.
For other VisitNode methods that generate CIL code, pay attention to when they should do so relative to calls to visit some or all of their AST children.
Getting all of the above correct is necessary for the generated CIL instructions to be in the proper sequence.
 
Additional test programs are now available for advanced features:

logictest - if statements with logical operators
twoparams - method call with multiple parameters
fact2 - recursive method calls (should be automatic if you get the reference right)
struct1 - declares a struct and uses its fields and methods
Additional test programs to be added:

error2 - more error checking
logictest2 - if statements with  short-circuit logical operators
struct2 - more complex struct references
arrays - declarations of array types and reference to array variables (will require syntax extensions)
classtest - creation of class instances and calls to not static methods (will require syntax extensions)

Scoring for successful execution of test programs:

Test programs specified for Project 3 -- 80 points
error2 - 5 points
logictest - 5 points
twoparams - 5 points
fact2 - 5 points
struct1 - 10 points
struct2 - 5 points
arrays - 10 points
classtest - 10 points
 If you are working in as a team of two students, your total point score based on the above tests will be divided by 1.2 to determine a final score for grading purposes.  Yes, I do expect teams to be able to accomplish more than someone working alone!